_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

This is some text from me Waleed to check
Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

removed all template blogs  and my first CS blog, modiefied about me page disabled CV, publications and dropdown

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    
    
    <p>Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan </p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi!!
I'm Waleed, i live in Pakistan. This site was created as a test website for my MMDS project. I'll attempt to write a few blogs and achieve high SEO Ranking using various onsite and offsite factors.

This website was written using jekyll and the template used was algore. I hosted this website on gihub pages. [I followed this awesome tutorial to set it all up.]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6AJ9qPPoyc&ab_channel=SpencerPao)

I'm in my 7th semester and i will graduate in June 2023. I'm studing B.S. Computer Science and it has helped me realise my passion for computers and coding. Its been a tough 7 semesters and i hope it has prepared me for the challanges that lie ahead.
